do not
Y
and the development of emeralds is
insured thanks to the management of
national government today after the endowment
of a set of bridges and accesses
vials for the province this help is
complements with the modernization of
General rivadeneira airport located
in the parish of Tachina
this new air terminal will own a
renovated technical block control tower
hangar fuel plant works
exteriors and parking lots with which
better service will be provided to
ecuadorians good to me I like the
construction of the new airport because
there is more service amplitude improvement with
air conditioning that they put good
bathrooms
staff also the expectation is like
all the people who live here in
emeralds of it being facilities
super modern super comfortable for each other
same for users who occupy
in the new airport
at present this airport is
It makes strategic for the connection
border and a great ally of the sector
tourist of the province of esmeraldas
since after 40 years of abandonment more
of 105 thousand users use it per year
our expectations regarding the
new airport since based on the
new infrastructure that is going to have
this I do not know also we can offer a
good service to users and improve
all the quality in terms of
infrastructure and everything taking into account
users who visit our
beautiful province should take a
good image are 12 million dollars
those that are invested in the execution of
this emblematic work so that the
Ecuadorians and their visitors are
served in a modern infrastructure
that provides comfort and security
for the following years a
increase of up to 250 thousand passengers
that would be the direct beneficiaries of
this modern infrastructure
airport located in the beautiful
green province from emeralds
Ministry of transport and works
public